welcome to this tutorial on foursquare
album first we are going to use a 12 x
12 square paper or 30 centimeters by 30
centimeters cardstock and we're going to
make a score line add 3 inches on all
four sides of the paper here I just use
my regular trimmer to fold the card
stock it's just faster for me and it
works just great so next after we have
we have on each side 3 parts so I'm
going to do a cut on on the squares on
the up part on each side it's easier
when you see what I'm doing I'm just
going to begin the cut from the middle
line to the outside on both sides middle
line to the outside and you're going to
do that on the bottom of the paper also
as you can see you do the same thing on
the bottom so what you're going to end
up is with some kind of a flap on the
album
and I use this team holds ruler that is
really good to do these cuts with your
exacto knife so I'm just going to make
sure that I fold and burnished all the
score lines so the album is very
flexible so here you can see all the
flaps scholar of all of them so I'm just
going to mark the prong because I'm
going to do some pages so you just
beginning to mark where your prong or I
don't know if you use ribbon anything
you use breads you just mark for us
because we're going to have to punch
that I'm going to use a Japanese punch
is a kind of an annular punch but if
you'll have a big propaganda you can use
that true I'm just going to turn so I
can mark on the paper where I did the
hose so that design people are going to
be my templates or all the other pages
so I'm going to punch the page and then
I'm going to punch all the other pages
based on that one so the one you do you
just measure all your spaces and you
begin to decorate is what I'm doing
beginning to decorate all the flaps the
flaps there are three inches by three
inches but I think I'm doing two three
quarters or I always leave a little bit
of a hoarder so we the pink can show a
little bit here I punched all the inside
pages and put the prong the original
idea didn't have that extra pages but I
think it was you know we have to
optimize more the space on the album so
I'm just gluing the papers um my gun
just ran out of tape on that day I'm
just making sure that the album is
churning okay so it's going to be very
flexible when the person uses so I'm
jeans decided to use this piece of it as
a band like a bandana around the album
either when the score I just make the
paper flexbone that area and I just glue
it I think it's easier I waited for it
to blue and then what I'm going to use
now is a red sticky tape to put some
ribbon around the album so that's going
to be my closure for the album
of course all the steps are the bandana
is very optional you just put if you
want and you put this red sticky tape on
the front and that's it and then you
have your whole album and needs just to
put pictures or journaling and extra
pages and i'm just showing that i like
to use this stop friel stop freezing
check on the ribbon because then you
know when the purse begins to open up
and close so the ribbon doesn't begin to
tear or you can find this on the sewing
part of your store
and that's pretty much it so you have a
picture of the album if you want to see
more pictures just go to my blog and
thanks so much for watching so I see